I like to end my speeches,
and start my speeches with thank you.
Right, a lot of them at least, right.
And again, I like to end with thank you for your time.
Right, it's very important to also not forget who to thank.
A lot of times, people forget who to thank, right.
And a lot of Oscar winners will start by first, you know,
thanking God, or thanking their spouses, right.
And many of them end with,
lastly, I wanna thank my spouse, or God,
for making this possible, right.
And in between, they thank the academy, right?
The producer, the director, actors.
Whatever, all that stuff, right?
And so sometimes, you start with the most
important person to thank,
or you end with the most important person to thank, right.
And if it's a wedding speech, you know,
start or end with the most important person,
right, like I just mentioned.
And we're gonna go through plenty of examples
of real wedding thank you's and speeches,
et cetera, in act 11, okay.
And my wife Christine, God bless her,
she's the best, I love her so much, right.
And she's so natural,
as she doesn't prepare for speeches.
She just kinda wings them, unlike me, right.
And actually, during my wedding,
she spoke before I did, right.
And she literally, literally said
almost everything that I was about to say.
Right, I remember, there was one line
I was gonna use which was,
I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you. Right?
And she used that, and everyone said, aww.
I was like, damn it, that was mine.
That was mine.
This marriage is not starting off on the right foot.
Right, I'm just kidding, right.
We'll cover all this later.
It was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun.
Okay, alright.
Let's pivot now, and talk about
thank you's in speeches for business speeches.
Okay, although it's important to thank your boss,
I think it's just as important
to thank everyone else that
helped you make the presentation.
Especially your employees and your colleagues.
You know, always give credit to others if credit is due.
Right, and even then, yeah.
So, you might say, in closing,
I wanna thank you all for your time,
and I also wanna thank my team
for helping put together this presentation.
Especially Samantha and George, et cetera.
You get the idea, okay.
Giving credit to others is classy.
And just the right thing to do.
And again, we're gonna go through
many examples in act number 11.
I just wanted to kinda put this on your radar screen
and introduce you to the concept earlier on in the course.
Thank you.